Reduce the default maximum heap size for all Scala processes. (#5350)
digital-asset/daml: BAZEL-JVM.md

multiple Scala sources have no interdependencies you can use the
`da_scala_library_suite` macro to automatically generate one library target per
Scala source file, and bundle them in one target. This rule takes the same

> attributes as `da_scala_library`, but enables `unused_dependency_checker_mode`
> by default.

Reviewer: I don't think that's true. [`unused_dependency_checker_mode` is set to `False` within `rules_scala` itself](https://github.com/bazelbuild/rules_scala/blob/6c16cff213b76a4126bdc850956046da5db1daaa/scala/private/rules/scala_library.bzl#L118).
```suggestion
attributes as `da_scala_library` with the exception of
`unused_dependency_checker_mode` which will always be disabled.
```

Author: Aha, sorry, I misread it and thought it was about `da_scala_library`. I'll revert the text.

Author: Somehow I missed your suggestion and just did it manually. Not sure why. Anyway, done. 🙂

Reviewer: Thank you!
